Meeting Minutes

Meeting Details
Date: 24th of November 2024
Time: 16:10
Location: Discord Server Voice Channel
Attendees: Benjamin, Jordan, Anthony, Ella, Mustafa, Mehrad
Absent: None

Agenda

Discussion Points
- Item 1: Which linter to use
	Discussion Summary: Appendix C lists different static code analysis tools. We need to use one that’s 	suitable for React and integrates with GitHub.
	Decisions Made: Use ESlint, as suggested in sprint description appendix. ESlint also integrates 	with GitHub.
	Action Items: Perform static code analysis 

- Item 2: Restructuring repo
	Discussion Summary: We’re already using a structured architecture, but will have to clean up the 	server-side directories. We also need to separate CSS from jsx files in the frontend source code.
	Decisions Made: Ella & Anthony will look at frontend code, Benjamin and Jordan will look at the 	backend directory structure
	Action Items: Benjamin and Jordan will move the routes into a routes folder

- Item 3: Completing unit tests
	Discussion Summary: We need unit tests for every page and every core functionality. 
	Decisions Made: Ella and Anthony will implement the remaining unit tests.
	Action Items: 

- Item 4: Password reset feature issue
	Discussion Summary: Password reset feature is not working, it’s also hard to test
	Decisions Made: Mustafa and Mehrad will work on completing this feature. Others will contribute if 	they need help.
	Action Items:

Action Items
- Action Item 1: Static Code Analysis
	Assignee: Jordan and Benjamin
	Due Date: 26-11-2024

- Action Item 2: Complete Unit Tests
	Assignee: Ella and Anthony
	Due Date: 26-11-2024

- Action Item 3: Complete Instructor Dashboard Unit Test
	Assignee: Mustafa and Mehrad
	Due Date: 26-11-2024

- Action Item 4: Complete Forgot Password Feature
	Assignee: Mustafa and Mehrad
	Due Date: 26-11-2024

Next Steps
Upcoming Meetings: Sunday 24th of November 6pm 
Other Important Dates: 
	- Presentation Due Tuesday 26th of December
	- Report Due Monday 2nd of December

Adjournment
Time: 4:51pm