Meeting Minutes

Meeting Details
Date: 13th of October 2024
Time: 18:00-19:15
Location: Discord Server Voice Channel
Attendees: Benjamin, Jordan, Anthony, Ella, Mustafa, Mehrad
Absent: None

Agenda
- Create user stories from Sprint 2's requirements.
- Reintroduce user stories from Sprint 1 into the Sprint 2 from the backlog.


Discussion Points
- Item 1: User Stories
	Discussion Summary: We noticed that we hadn't completed some user stories from Sprint 1, thus we reintroduced them into Sprint 2 from the backlog. We also brainstormed for new stories. 
	Decisions Made: We added more stories that meet Sprint 2's requirements and included issue number for each story. 
	
- Item 2: Instructor Dashboard
	Discussion Summary: We discussed the instructor dashboard, focusing on what teachers can view and edit in comparison to the student page.
  We concluded that the dashboard was crucial for enabling team selection, roster management, and effective group formation thus have a high priority. 
	Decisions Made: We decided to implement a routing logic to redirect students to the student dashboard and teachers to the instrcutor dashboard,
  verify their role from login credentials and accounts stored in the database, and then design the UI. 
	
- Item 3: Confirmation Page
	Discussion Summary: We initially considered allowing students to edit their ratings and feedback after completing a peer assessment.
  However, we realized this approach could lead to complications, such as needing to set deadlines to prevent repeated changes.
	Decisions Made: We thought it was best to prompt students for confirmation when they finish evaluating their peers. This will be implemented by displaying a confirmation dialog when the submission button is clicked.
  If the student confirms, their ratings will be submitted; if not, the submission will be canceled.


Action Items
- Action Item 1: Implement routing logic to redirect students to the students dashboard and teachers to their instructor dashboard. Design the UI and verify user role from login credentials stored in the database.
	Assignee: Mustafa, Mehrad, Benjamin, Jordan, Anthony, Ella.
	Due Date: Oct 20th.

- Action Item 2: Instructors can create teams
	Assignee: Ella and Anthony
	Due Date: Preferably Oct 20th



Next Steps
Upcoming Meetings: [Sunday Oct 20 evening]
Implementation of a rating system that allows students to rate their peers.
If time permits, implement the forget password feature. 

Adjournment
Time: Full adjournment at 7:20PM

Attachments
Sprint 2 Plan and User Stories (updated) : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ozaMjaeOTEgtV9U4M3ek0Z_PJC4Lt4VAN3ONpwH12xY/edit?gid=0#gid=0
