Meeting Minutes

Meeting Details
Date: 20th of October 2024
Time: 11:00am-12:00pm
Location: Discord voice channel
Attendees: Anthony Phelps, Ella Noyes (UI team)
Absent: None

Agenda
Remote Repository Organisation, Student Dashboard User Interface Design, Sprint 2 UI Tasks Distribution

Discussion Points
- Item 1: GitHub Repository Organisation
	Discussion Summary: The current GitHub repository has four branches: login_UI, login_feature, login_database, and master. 
	master is far behind all branches, and it's increasingly difficult to find code on the repositority.
	Decisions Made: All teams' branches must be merged in the master branch as soon as possible to establish a linear commit history.
	Action Items: Anthony volunteered to clean up the repository and establish a protocol for future contributions to the repository.

- Item 2: Student Dashboard UI Design
	Discussion Summary: For consistency, the student dashboard should resemble the instructor dashboard. We planned out the visuals on the
	Miro design board (see minutes' attachments).
	Decisions Made: We will begin by implementing a dashboard with two main tabs: "assessments" and "personal report". 
	Once all team members have assessed a student, that individual will access a summarised report of their peers' assessments in the personal report
	tab. A student may choose peers to evaluate in the assessments tab. On selecting a teammate that has not yet been reviewed, a pop-up assessment form 
	will render.
	Action Items: Ella will create the student dashboard page, update the application's routing, and set up the page's tabs. Anthony will implement
	the UI components and assessment form in the "Assessments" tab.

- Sprint 3 UI Tasks Distribution
	Discussion Summary: Due to upcoming midterms, Ella and Anthony have inconsistent availabilities during the upcoming two weeks. Ella's project workload will
	be distributed in the early upcoming week (of the 21st of October), and Anthony will be making contributions during the end of the week and over the weekend 		of the 25th of October.
	Decisions Made: Ella will take on the earlier UI tasks in the sprint plans (by deadlines), covering some of the later tasks' dependencies. 
	Anthony will take on the sprint tasks with later due dates.

Action Items
- Action Item 1: Student Dashboard Page Setup and Routing
	Assignee: Ella
	Due Date: 20/10/2024

- Action Item 2: GitHub Repository Reorganisation
	Assignee: Anthony
	Due Date: 27/10/2024

- Action Item 3: Sprint 2 UI Tasks/Issues
	Assignees: Ella and Anthony
	Due Date: 27/10/2024


Next Steps
Upcoming Meetings: TBD
Other Important Dates: Sprint 2 Deadline: Sunday October 27th 2024.


Adjournment
Time: 12:25pm

Attachments
Student dashboard design description in the GitHub wiki: https://github.com/benjaminsunliu/Group6-SOEN341_Project_F24/wiki/Interface