Meeting Minutes

Meeting Details
Date: 14th of September 2024
Time: 12:00-13:00
Location: Discord Server Voice Channel
Attendees: Benjamin, Jordan, Anthony, Ella, Mustafa, Mehrad
Absent: None

Agenda
- Create user stories from the project description and sprint 1's requirements.
- Discuss high-level design for implementing sprint 1 features.
- Discuss members' backgrounds and familiarity with different web development topics.


Discussion Points
- Item 1: Documenting Meeting Minutes
	Decisions Made: Meeting minutes will follow a set template. Each meeting, a different group member will be
	delegated as the meeting's secretary and will be responsible for documenting minutes.

- Item 2: GitHub Repository Use
	Discussion Summary: The team discussed whether to have everyone committing to the 'master' branch, for each member to commit to their
	own branch (and merge complete and functioning code to 'master'), or to have branches for different functionality (and merge complete and functioning code to 'master')
	Decisions Made: The GitHub repository should have branches corresponding to the different sides of the application. The 'master' branch
	will be reserved for complete and functioning code.

- Item 2: Team 6 Members' Familiarity with Web Development Concepts and practices
	Discussion Summary: 4 members of our team have taken a web programming course, and 2 team members have no web development
	experience. 4 members have done basic database programming using MongoDB and have worked with HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
	Decisions Made: 
	Action Items: Each team member should fill in a shared document indicating their experience and preferred roles for this project.

- Item 3: Dividing programming responsibilities
	Discussion Summary:
		Options for dividing work:
		- Two team members could handle the login feature, simplifying communication and coordinating a shared codebase.
		- Each feature could be split into its UI, server-side, and database components. Each of these components would be delegated
		to a pair of programmers (2 members implement UI, 2 members implement the application's server-side behaviour, and 2 members
		implement the system's database).
	Decisions Made: Each feature could be split into its UI, server-side, and database components. Each of these components will be delegated
	to a pair of programmers. 

- Item 4: User Stories
	Discussion Summary: The group split the three core features of sprint 1 (Login system, team creation and assignment, making teams visible) into several user stories.

- Item 5: Design Issue: How to differentiate student and faculty accounts
	Discussion Summary: 
		System design options:
		- Faculty could request an instructor account from the administrator, which would give them instructor privileges
		- Instructors and students could sign in with their university emails, allowing the system to differentiate them based on their
		email format (e.g., concordia students have an @mail.concordia.ca account, whereas faculty have a @concordia.ca account)
		- Instructors and students could sign in with their university netnames, allowing the system to differentiate them based on their
		netname format (e.g., concordia students have an F_LASTNAME, whereas faculty have a FLASTNAME netname)
	Decisions Made: None
	Action Items: Continue this discussion in meeting 2.


Action Items
- Action Item 1: Complete Members' Preferred Project Roles on Google Sheets
	Assignee: All
	Due Date: Thursday 19th of September


Next Steps
Upcoming Meetings: Next Thursday during the lab (Thursday 19th of September). Next Saturday (tentatively, Saturday 21st of September).

Other Important Dates: Sprint 1 is due by Sunday 29th of September (15 days from today).

Additional Notes
None

Adjournment
Time: 13:30

Attachments
Sprint 1 Plan and User Stories: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ozaMjaeOTEgtV9U4M3ek0Z_PJC4Lt4VAN3ONpwH12xY/edit?gid=0#gid=0
Members' Preferred Project Roles: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Oq3KV8tEmA3mTNtqpsNKc6BiPeTDcDdNtmp7xgBD-GE/edit?gid=0#gid=0